OSDOCS-16940: DITA other Vale fixes for OLM admin/user topics (#115360)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/olm-creating-etcd-cluster-from-operator.adoc

endif::openshift-dedicated,openshift-rosa,openshift-rosa-hcp[]
* The etcd Operator already installed cluster-wide by an administrator.

[TIP]
====
You can get the list of installed Operators from the CLI using:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get csv
----
====

> 

Reviewer: Revert this change and restore the admonition to its original location.

dedicated-admin
endif::openshift-dedicated,openshift-rosa,openshift-rosa-hcp[]
and are available for use are shown here as a list of cluster service versions (CSVs). CSVs are used to launch and manage the software provided by the Operator.

. On the *Installed Operators* page, click the etcd Operator to view more details and available actions. As shown under *Provided APIs*, this Operator makes available three new resource types, including one for an *etcd Cluster* (the `EtcdCluster` resource). These objects work similar to the built-in native Kubernetes ones, such as `Deployment` or `ReplicaSet`, but contain logic specific to managing etcd.

. Create a new etcd cluster:

.. In the *etcd Cluster* API box, click *Create instance*.

.. The next page allows you to make any modifications to the minimal starting template of an `EtcdCluster` object, such as the size of the cluster. For now, click *Create* to finalize. This triggers the Operator to start up the pods, services, and other components of the new etcd cluster.

> . Click the *example* etcd cluster, then click the *Resources* tab to see that your project now contains a number of resources created and configured automatically by the Operator. Verify that a Kubernetes service has been created that allows you to access the database from other pods in your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the *example* etcd cluster, then click the *Resources* tab to see that your project now contains several resources created and configured automatically by the Operator. Verify that a Kubernetes service has been created that allows you to access the database from other pods in your project.
```
